Purge "will" from Admin Guide (#662)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/monitoring.adoc

. Restart Tomcat and Taskomatic.
. Navigate to the URL of your Prometheus server, on port 9090 (for example, [literal]``http://example.com:9090``)
. In the Prometheus UI, navigate to menu:[Status > Targets] and confirm that all the endpoints on the ``mgr-server`` group are up.

> . If you have also installed Grafana with the {webui}, the server insights arevisible on the {productname} Server dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have also installed Grafana with the {webui}, the server insights are visible on the {productname} Server dashboard.
```
